i always wrote this series off as being a complete stink-fest because jim belushi was involved in it, and heavily. but then one day a tragic happenstance occurred. after a white sox game ended i realized that the remote was all the way on the other side of the room somehow. now i could have just gotten up and walked across the room to get the remote, or even to the tv to turn the channel. but then why not just get up and walk across the country to watch tv in another state? "nuts to that", i said. so i decided to just hang tight on the couch and take whatever fate had in store for me. what fate had in store was an episode of this show, an episode about which i remember very little except that i had once again made a very broad, general sweeping blanket judgment based on zero objective or experiential evidence with nothing whatsoever to back my opinions up with, and once again i was completely right! this show is a total crud-pie! belushi has all the comedic delivery of a hairy lighthouse foghorn. the women are physically attractive but too stepford-is to elicit any real feeling from the viewer. there is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local tv station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this mutt howling back to hell. <br /><br />except.. <br /><br />except for the wonderful comic sty lings of larry joe campbell, america's greatest comic character actor. this guy plays belushi's brother-in-law, andy, and he is gold. how good is he really? well, aside from being funny, his job is to make belushi look good. that's like trying to make butt warts look good. but campbell pulls it off with style. someone should invent a nobel prize in comic buffoonery so he can win it every year. without larry joe this show would consist of a slightly vacant looking courtney thorne-smith smacking belushi over the head with a frying pan while he alternately beats his chest and plays with the straw on the floor of his cage. 5 stars for larry joe campbell designated comedic bacon because he improves the flavor of everything he's in!
1st watched 12/7/2002 - 3 out of 10(dir-steve purcell): typical mary kate & ashley fare with a few more kisses. it looks to me like the girls are getting pretty tired of this stuff and it will be interesting what happens to them if they ever decide to split up and go there own ways. in this episode of their adventures they are interns in rome for a `fashion' designer who puts them right into the mailroom to learn what working hard is all about(i guess..). besides the typical flirtations with boys there is nothing much else except the rome scenario until about ¾ way into the movie when it's finally revealed why they are getting fired, then re-hired, then fired again, then re-hired again. this is definetly made by people who don't understand the corporate world and it shows in their interpretation of it. maybe the real world will be their next adventure(if there is one.). even my kids didn't seem to care for this boring `adventure' in the make-believe. let's see they probably only have a couple of years till their legal adults. we'll see what happens then.
this movie was so poorly written and directed i fell asleep 30 minutes through the movie. the jokes in the movie are corny and even though the plot is interesting at some angles, it is too far fetched and at some points- ridiculous. if you are 11 or older you will overlook the writing in the movie and be disappointed, but if you are 10 or younger this is a film that will capture your attention and be amazed with all the stunts (which i might add are poorly done) and wish you were some warrior to. the casting in this movie wasn't very good, and the music was very disappointing because it was like they were trying to build up the tension but it didn't fit at all. on a scale of 1-10 (10 being excellent, 1 being horrible) the acting in this movie is a 4. brenda song is talented in comedy, but with this kind of movie, in some of the more serious scenes, her acting was laughable. when she made some of her "fighting" poses, i started laughing out loud. i think the worst thing about this movie is definitely the directing, for example, the part where her enemy turns out to be the person the evil villain is possesing, how her voice turns dark and evil, i think that was incredibly stupid, and how wendy's (brenda song)teachers were all her teachers at school being possessed by monks, that was pretty ridiculous to. so to sumamrize it all, a disappointing movie, but okay if you're 10 or under.
the most interesting thing about miryang (secret sunshine) is the actors. jeon do-yeon, as lee shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a young son whose husband has died in a tragic accident, and who leaves seoul to live in miryang, which was his home town, with her young son. jeon's face is very changeable. she is girlish, flirtatious, elegant, aged and sad, desperate and joyous, with it and terribly isolated by turns, and it's all in her face. the film also stars song kang-ho as kim, a man who meets her when her car breaks down coming into miryang, who happens to run a garage in town, and who follows her around all the time thereafter, despite her apparent lack of interest in his attentions. song is the biggest star in korea right now, renowned for his work with park chan-wook and bong joon-ho (sympathy for mr. vengeance; memories of murder and the host). and yet here he plays a throwaway character, almost a forgotten man. but of course he makes him interesting and curiously appealing. he is the essential ballast to keep jeon's character from floating away.<br /><br />lee shin-ae is a piano teacher. she comes to the new town, which is a neutral place, a kind of poor-man's seoul, a town "just like anywhere else," as kim says (just as he is in a way just like anyone else). her little boy is sprightly, as little boys are, but plainly damaged and withdrawn at times too. his father used to snore, and when he misses him he lies awake, pretending to snore. he goes to school, and shin-ae meets parents and students and shopkeepers. there is a sense of place in the film, even though the place is in a sense "anywhere." people speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and shin-ae's seoul origin is immediately noticed. is life really harsher here, away from the big city and its sophistication? shin-ae seems not to realize the danger she is in.<br /><br />something terrible happens. and shin-ae doesn't necessarily deal with it in the best possible way. but it happens and she must face the consequences. but she can't. she goes to pieces. a perpetrator is caught, but that's no consolation. eventually she becomes so despairing, she relents and goes to a born-again christian meeting an acquaintance has been pressing her to attend. she finds peace and release with this. but when she decides not only to forgive the perpetrator but to go to the prison to tell him so, that experience is full of ironies and it destroys her all over again. she becomes embittered and desperate and she no longer finds solace in religion. and it gets worse than that.<br /><br />jeon do-yeon gives her all in this extremely demanding and protean role. lee chang-dong may be a very good director. if an actor of the stature of song kang-ho expresses enormous admiration for him, that is convincing. according to scott foundas of la weekly, lee's first three films, green fish (1997), peppermint candy (2000) and oasis (2002) have marked him out as "one of the leading figures of his country's recent cinematic renaissance." but this is not as successful a film as those of other korean directors whose work i've seen, such as yong sang-soo, bong joon-ho, and the prodigiously, almost perversely gifted park chan-wook. it may indeed begin as foundas says as a kind of "asiatic alice doesn't live here anymore" and then "abruptly and without warning" turns into "something of a thriller, and some time after that a nearly bressonian study in human suffering." but that progression not only seems random and indigestible; the film sags and loses its momentum toward the end and then simply fizzles out, with no sense of an ending. there are also weaknesses in the action. shin-ae takes foolish chances with her son, and makes bad choices all along. if she is destined for madness like betty in jean-jacques beineix's betty blue, which might explain her peculiar and mistaken choices, that isn't something that is properly developed. this is an interesting film, certainly a disturbing one, but one that leaves one doubtful and dissatisfied, after putting one through an emotional wringer.<br /><br />an official selection of the new york film festival presented at lincoln center, 2007—an event that has done right by korean filmmakers in the recent past.
when i first read about "berlin am meer" i didn't expect much. but i thought with the right people, the right locations, the right music and fashion you could at least make a trivial movie about the hip berlin everyone seems to be talking about. but eissler failed, it's so ridiculously unauthentic. it's a complete misrepresentation of what it is going on in berlin's so called scene. of course it's not all about hippness, but you should expect more from a movie that's being sold as "the definite berlin movie".<br /><br />and apart from all the credibility stuff, it really is a bad movie. mediocre acting and a rather boring plot. interestingly some of the actors have proved in other movies that they are actually quite talented. so it really must be poor directing skills.<br /><br />don't bother watching "berlin am meer" unless you are 17, come from some small town in western germany and want to move to the big city after you finished school. then you might actually find it enjoyable and totally cool.
i saw this film on september 1st, 2005 in indianapolis. i am one of the judges for the heartland film festival that screens films for their truly moving picture award. a truly moving picture "...explores the human journey by artistically expressing hope and respect for the positive values of life." heartland gave that award to this film.<br /><br />this is a story of golf in the early part of the 20th century. at that time, it was the game of upper class and rich "gentlemen", and working people could only participate by being caddies at country clubs. with this backdrop, this based-on-a-true-story unfolds with a young, working class boy who takes on the golf establishment and the greatest golfer in the world, harry vardon.<br /><br />and the story is inspirational. against all odds, francis ouimet (played by shia labeouf of "holes") gets to compete against the greatest golfers of the u.s. and great britain at the 1913 u.s. open. francis is ill-prepared, and has a child for a caddy. (the caddy is hilarious and motivational and steals every scene he appears in.) but despite these handicaps, francis displays courage, spirit, heroism, and humility at this world class event.<br /><br />and, we learn a lot about the early years of golf; for example, the use of small wooden clubs, the layout of the short holes, the manual scoreboard, the golfers swinging with pipes in their mouths, the terrible conditions of the greens and fairways, and the play not being canceled even in torrential rain.<br /><br />this film has stunning cinematography and art direction and editing. and with no big movie stars, the story is somehow more believable.<br /><br />this adds to the inventory of great sports movies in the vein of "miracle" and "remember the titans."<br /><br />fyi - there is a truly moving pictures web site where there is a listing of past winners going back 70 years.
i saw a screening of this movie last night. i had high expectations going into it, but was definitely disappointed. within 5 minutes of the opening, williams is already campaigning for his presidency. and he becomes president in the first 40 minutes. so there goes all that aspect of the movie. the first half hour are hilarious. don't get me wrong, the movie has its moments. but after the first half hour, it takes a turn for the worst. it becomes less of a comedy, and more of a thriller/drama/love story...which is pointless. the movie goes nowhere and stands still for a good 30 minutes. there are laughs interspersed here and there, but the consistently funny part is in the beginning and only the beginning. at one point, the biggest cheer i heard in the audience is when a person in the crowd yelled 'boooo' during a very confusingly emotional scene. williams gives a great performance, right on par with his comedic style. walken also delivers a strong supporting role as only he can. i think the one character that goes underrated is lewis black. consistently vulgar and political, its funny to see him tone it down for a pg-13 rating. overall, i would not pay to see the movie. afterall, i saw it for free and even i was disappointed. the first half hour is solid, and its all downhill from there. not really fitting into a category, the movie realizes half way through that it should not have been anything more than a one-hour comedy central special. 4.5/10
william hurt may not be an american matinee idol anymore, but he still has pretty good taste in b-movie projects. here, he plays a specialist in hazardous waste clean-ups with a tragic past tracking down a perennial loser on the run --played by former pretty-boy weller-- who has been contaminated with a deadly poison. current pretty-boy hardy kruger jr --possibly more handsome than his dad-- is featured as weller's arrogant boss in a horrifying sequence at a chemical production plant which gets the story moving. natasha mcelhone is a slightly wacky government agent looking into the incident who provides inevitable & high-cheekboned love interest for hero hurt. michael brandon pops up to play a slimy take-no-prisoners type whose comeuppance you can't wait for. the coca-cola company wins the product placement award for 2000 as the soft drink is featured throughout the production, shot lovingly on location in a wintery picture-postcard hungary.
it is a piece of crap! not funny at all. during the whole movie nothing ever happens. i almost fell asleep, which in my case happens only if a movie is rally bad. (that is why it didn't get 1 (awful) out of 10 but 2).don't be fooled, like i was, by first review. a waste of money and your time! spend it on other stuff. at this point i'm finished with my review but i have to fill in at least ten lines of text so i will go on.... (ctrl+c, ctrl+v) :))) it is a piece of crap! not funny at all. during the whole movie nothing ever happens. i almost fell asleep, which in my case happens only if a movie is rally bad. (that is why it didn't get 1 (awful) out of 10 but 2).don't be fooled, like i was, by first review. a waste of money and your time! spend it on other stuff. it is a piece of crap! not funny at all. during the whole movie nothing ever happens. i almost fell asleep, which in my case happens only if a movie is rally bad. (that is why it didn't get 1 (awful) out of 10 but 2).don't be fooled, like i was, by first review. a waste of money and your time! spend it on other stuff.
i'm bout it(1997)<br /><br />developed & published by no limit films<br /><br />>>pros: absolutely none<br /><br />>>cons: i don't even know where to begin!<br /><br />plot summary: master p plays a drug dealer that looks, talks, and acts more like a live-action cartoon character. that's all the plot i got out of this movie.<br /><br />review: i remember back when i was in the ninth grade during its release and everyone in my class praised this clown called master p. this movie is so bad, it's not even funny. all the characters in this film are extremely tired stereotypes, the audio is only audible when music plays, and the movie looks like it was videotaped off a public access channel. luckily, i didn't buy this film like all my other inner-city degenerate classmates.<br /><br />my rating:1 out of 10<br /><br />my verdict: avoid this video like its a sexually-transmitted disease.
i had a recent spectator experience with the perfect witness (2007) because the netflix computer recommendation engine suggested i watch this film. apparently, at some point, i told it how much i liked michael haneke's, benny's video. i don't know about you, but this parallel being drawn provoked in me a maelstrom of emotion and excitement over thomas c. dunn's film and made the allocation of my time toward it virtually impossible to refuse. just this kind of recommendation from the netflix computer intelligence, for me, had the aesthetic/moral movie bar set to level so high that, upon reflection, it represented something pretty much unaccomplished in every film produced in the year 2007.<br /><br />having prefaced my response to the film that way, i'm going to proceed in knocking this picture down as poorly executed and banal; and i really hate to do that because i think our boy, wes bentley, happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also one its most overlooked and underrated screenacting talents in the us. i'm more than moderately concerned that the poor guy's going to miss the fame ship if he keeps fiddling around with first time movie directors like this.<br /><br />the perfect witness is about micky (wes bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with mom ("you're not drinkin' again area ya's?"), but he's a "filmmaker" or at the very least some kind of street-level voyeur with a pension for shooting would-be johns in the seedy back alleys of philadelphia with his dvx 100b. out there, doing his private investigator-like drills, micky "inadvertently" video-tapes a brutal murder on a hapless early-twenty-ish coed with his hand held camcorder. baring the notion in mind that snuff and movies as cultural currency can be his equated with his ticket out of the white urban ghetto (and not to the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who put up the money for his atrocious films), micky approaches the assailant, james lemac (mark borkowski: also takes a writing credit) or "mac the knife" –whichever- and blackmails the killer into making a documentary about his murder impulses, holding this found footage over the attacker with threats of the police.<br /><br />the problem with this movie is not that no interesting ideas exist because they do. while both the writing and direction are amateurish, that alone doesn't make a film bad. it's that these guys commit a rather poor assumption that what they are presenting is shocking in the context of a culture in which just about any person in the free world with access to a private computer can log-on to the web and catch the veracity of the action of a beheading on their little mac or pc. no film relies on shock value alone any more (unless of course, ironically, it's a film about torture on animals) and therefore cinematic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital with each year that passes. also, we've got this astounding actor-talent in the lead all styled-up, real hip guy: his two inch beard and skull cap with the little bill on it, backwards, just like the dork from high school who craved after the potential services of my primary love interest –same guy who just now calls himself a "poet."<br /><br />spare me. "i'm an artist," "i'm a filmmaker." okay. please do, carry on with that shtick, cronnie. seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock. and go ahead, you can wear all the accrutements of a "creative" but don't expect us top respond to you, to follow your below average character through your two hour movie while you take down wes bentley's career. why don't we just let history speak to the merits of what you do, filmmaker guy. my guess is history will eventually have say something about that –like, probably that's in not is good as you think it is. and yeah, odds are you'll be laying the blame on your dear ole ma, end up like our man micky here in the perfect witness; hooked on smack and covered in your buddy's blood with a video camera in your hand. great.
i really enjoyed the detail that went into the script.<br /><br />jonathan rhys myers (misspelled) and jewel were outstanding in their support roles. as was jeffery wright. toby mcguire gave as fine a acting job as ever depicted, when he had to amputate his best friend's arm, knowing he would die without the procedure. <br /><br />attention to detail, with good dialect coaching to catch the southern accent incredibly well.<br /><br />why this movie was swept under the rug by the hollywood promoters i can only imagine. i have strong suspicions. which makes it all the more appealing to me. i have given a dozen dvd copies out for presents.<br /><br />completely overlooked movie. rent or buy it and give it your full attention for a couple of hours, then judge.
didn't the writer for this movie see the other three? i loved the original, i thought 2 was the best, i tolerated 3 (it was ok, nothing special). but i hated this one. who dare they kill off ug? this was certainly not the ug who had been almost like a brother to charlie in number 2. remember his speech? charlie said, "you wouldn't just leave me on earth, would you". ug replied, "charlie, bounty hunter", saying that he was now one of them now. how dare the writers ignore this special bond between them and turn him into a baddie who get's killed by charlie (in a particularly awkward scene) just because they realized the movie was getting boring. in fact for the first 20 minutes, we get a new cast and have to wait this long until we again find out what happened to charlie, who was the hero we've been waiting to see. i kept waiting saying, "come on, when's charlie going to appear?" angela basset must be doing her best to deny she was ever in this turkey. moving it to the future eliminates the possibility of ever seeing a sequel with the original cast or in our time. i think the writers decided, that their movie was going to be the last and they could do whatever they wanted. this movie is totally out of line with the first two. and it didn't even seem like it was written by the same people who made 3. 3 at least had humor and could easily be seen by younger children. 4 is just ugly and mean-spirited (eric dare) is particularly cruel and unnecessary. i hated this movie. hated, hated, hated it. i hated the fact that anyone could like it and i hated the fact that it ruined what was one of my favorite camp classics. i give this a one start simply because imdb.com won't let me give it a zero.
this movie was really bad. first they didn't even follow the facts for it. half of the movie was made up and it was more about the deputy whose mother was one of ed gein's victims. the acting was horrible, except for the guy playing ed gein, but its not hard to mess up playing a weird guy. though i think it was horrible i gave it a three because they started it off with actual crime photos. that was the best part of the movie. as soon as the introduction of the movie was finished the movie went downhill. the writer of this movie tried to spice it up, but it didn't need to be. the story of ed gein is interesting enough without falsifying information.
i think i watched a highly edited version because it wasn't nearly as graphic as i expected - based on the other reviews that i have heard.<br /><br />other than 1. being written by the same person who wrote the original "emmanuelle" (1974), emmanuelle arsan, 2. the lead character being a sexually free spirit, and 3. being set in the exotic locale of asia, "laure" doesn't have the same flair as its predecessor.<br /><br />i just found this film way too talky with philosophical topics that i'm really not that interested in, i.e. the voyeuristic, open relationship between laure and nick, "i'm just happy with whatever brings her pleasure"...something along those lines. i cannot relate to this mentality and the film/characters don't really shed any light.<br /><br />the second half about finding the mara tribe just seemed as though it were a completely separate film. one that i didn't care for. by that time, i was just hoping that it would turn into a porn so that at least it would keep my interest.<br /><br />maybe i just didn't get it.<br /><br />i'll leave it at that.
uwe boll has done the impossible: create a game adaptation that stays at least somewhat true to the game; he has turned a game full of antisocial and offensive content into a movie full of antisocial and offensive content. so, as an adaptation, it's a success.<br /><br />unfortunately, it's still uwe boll we are dealing with here, so don't expect the movie to be actually any good. while it does have it's moment, "postal" wears out his welcome very fast and becomes a pain to sit through.<br /><br />at its core, postal is a satire on the united states, as done by a twelve year old kid. boll seems to think that offensiveness is linearly proportional to comedic value: the more offensive, the funnier, and the more exaggerated the funnier. this results in a movie that sets new levels of tastelessness while being extremely hit and miss. yes, some gags do work but it seems to be pure luck. high points include the director satirizing himself, and people getting hit very violently by trucks and other vehicles. low points include..well pretty much everything else.<br /><br />after the initial surprise wears off, postal simply becomes a bore to watch. yes there is a good joke every and good point ten minutes, but everything else consists of hordes of annoying characters shooting and chasing each other all over the place for what seems to be an eternity.<br /><br />this probably would have worked as a short movie, but it's just not enough content for something that lasts over 90 minutes (although it feels twice as long). there are nice ideas and nice tries, but they get hopelessly lost in endless and pointless action scenes and content that is offensive just for the sake of it 4/10
i felt asleep, watching it!!! (and i had tickets for the midnight- premiere) any questions? the most disturbing scene, as far as i can remember, was the techno-dance-i-dont-know-what-that-was-scene. by the way what an ending!?
brass pictures (movies is not a fitting word for them) really are somewhat brassy. their alluring visual qualities are reminiscent of expensive high class tv commercials. but unfortunately brass pictures are feature films with the pretense of wanting to entertain viewers for over two hours! in this they fail miserably, their undeniable, but rather soft and flabby than steamy, erotic qualities non withstanding.<br /><br />senso '45 is a remake of a film by luchino visconti with the same title and alida valli and farley granger in the lead. the original tells a story of senseless love and lust in and around venice during the italian wars of independence. brass moved the action from the 19th into the 20th century, 1945 to be exact, so there are mussolini murals, men in black shirts, german uniforms or the tattered garb of the partisans. but it is just window dressing, the historic context is completely negligible.<br /><br />anna galiena plays the attractive aristocratic woman who falls for the amoral ss guy who always puts on too much lipstick. she is an attractive, versatile, well trained italian actress and clearly above the material. her wide range of facial expressions (signalling boredom, loathing, delight, fear, hate ... and ecstasy) are the best reason to watch this picture and worth two stars. she endures this basically trashy stuff with an astonishing amount of dignity. i wish some really good parts come along for her. she really deserves it.
my interest was raised as i was flipping through and saw the name iphigenia. my name is eugenia so i thought ok, lets see what this is. i am so glad i stayed on the channel. what a wonderful, wonderful story. drama, sadness, some over the top acting but a wonderful time to be had. i watch this and it makes me sad for all the drivel the movie industry puts out and these beautiful little gems get passed over. give iphigenia a try and i hope you will enjoy it as much as i did. i have even gotten my children (27, 25, 20 and 17) to enjoy it. it starts slow, however, the drama builds and you will be drawn in to the story. watching this lovely film made me want to shroud myself in more greek tragedy and pathos.
pity the monkees. people always accused them of being manufactured (which they were) or being nothing more than a american knock-off of the beatles (again, which they were) but to the kids of the time they were real, they were important, they were legitimate. discussions about who were better the monkees or the beatles were common on school yards but the critics, well they never quite bought into it. despite recording some very catchy, classic pop tunes, the monkess did not receive much respect for their albums. sadly a similar fate was met by their one movie vehicle despite the fact that it stands as the best band film ever. beatle fans may argue that "hard days night" was better and i am sure that many of the kids think "8 mile" was superior but none of these films were as daring and inventive as "head" and that is probably why it failed.<br /><br />if head had told a direct a to b type story perhaps it would have appealed to the bands young fans but by pushing the envelope and using the movie opportunity to mock their own image they really sabotaged the film with their fans. could you imagine eminem turning to the camera and actually talking about how sad it is that he is the best selling guy in a genre in which only 5% (and i am being generous) of the acts are white. if you can picture that than you have an idea how daring it was for the monkess to sing "hey, hey we are the monkees. you know we like to please. a manufactured image, with no philosophy". when you have a film in which frank zappa tells davy that he should focus less on the dancing, and more on the music its clear that there is a lot more going on then you expected.<br /><br />the story, what there is, concerns the boys trying to flee their manager, who at one point forces them to play dandruff in a commercial, but every time they run away they end up inside a box. i don't think you need to be fellini to figure out the symbolism of that bit. some neat little comedy bits follow with davy as a boxer who has to give up playing the violin to take a dive in the big match and peter refusing to throw away a ice cream cone he does not want because there are starving children so its wrong to waste food but the real selling point to this film is the music and its some of the best the band ever recorded. even if you are put off by the story, you can sit back and enjoy some terrific music.<br /><br />any film that begins and ends with mickey attempting suicide by jumping off a bridge (at the end the band follows him) is never going to be a mainstream classic but if you are a fan of either the band or experimental cinema of the era than you will enjoy this film.
